Angular is a JavaScript-based web application framework used for creating dynamic single page web applications. 
Angular provides a framework for model-view-controller (MVC) and model-view-view-model (MVVM) architectures.
Angular enables building structured web applications in a declarative manner. 
With AngularJS, designers can use HTML as the template language and it allows for the extension of HTML's syntax to convey the application's components effortlessly. 
Angular makes much of the code you would otherwise have to write completely redundant.
Despite the fact that AngularJS is commonly related to SPA, you can use Angular to build any kind of app, 
taking advantage of features like: Two-way binding, templating, RESTful api handling, modularization, AJAX handling, dependency injection, etc.
Angular is a client side framework it means you can pass angural code down from your web server to your client pc without any changes to your existing web serving tecnologie it fit right inside your existing technology stack. 
Angular is also very lightweight and concise. All you need to run  angular application is  rufrance  to the angularJs library  with is 100klb in size   the library itself only extance the existing HTML  and JB functionality we are used to work with on client side of a web application. Angular js is extensible  its an open source framework  and easily testable.   Some of the futurers include HTML templating witch extance the html you already know how to work with. Which insures that your date bound inside your HTML document to creartificly in the way that make sense and easy for you as a developer  to both implement and understand  and read it later.  Angular used is plain old javascript this is both for the models and the conturalers which makes it great because we don’t have to worry about complex JS libraries or objects needs to be inherited into our conturals in order to make them work.  Angular offers a lots of form validation that existence the existing form validation  factions HTML5 offers.  For handling E sincker communications angular  implements the promises API. for its HTML template  angular uses directives but it also allows you to create your own costume directives so when your inside javascript so you can extend HTML yourself. 

